we are now joined by the Texas freshman
Kevin Mack all the way from South
Carolina now here in Austin Texas House
the State Capitol the great state of
texas treating you so far Kevin it's
been great so far I'm enjoy my time here
it's a great city wonderful place to
live is a great university until 10 and
play basketball for but there was some
moments of indecision maybe a lot of
those moments because really this
process was more than two years in the
making from the first time that you met
Mike Morell Shaka Smart and the VCU
staff to the moment that you decided to
come here to the University of Texas so
what was it like when you finally
arrived here in Austin I was excited I
was nervous cuz I'm so far away from
home so I had to get used to it at first
I end up going to like it and I actually
I'm starting to love the place now I
really don't want to go back home now
but uh it's been great so far just I'm
looking I was looking forward to the
workouts and I started workouts and I
was I was doing pretty uh pretty okay at
first and i started pick it up as summer
progressed and it's been pretty good so
what was it like would you recall about
the first workout in burnt orange first
workout uh it was just his hot his
up-tempo like I'm not used to that kid
not high school I kind of played in my
own pace this is a different tempo
different pace guys are lush song a lot
bigger a lot faster so I just had to get
used to that when I once i really get
useful nothing I'll be fine what was it
they clicked for you as you said you
started getting really your rhythm and
you started doing better it sounds like
the second half of the summer workouts
what happened just my mom said kind of
changed a little bit at first I was I
came in real confident then I kind of
lost some confidence and I started
gaining back once i saw that uh i can
compete with the guy's not gonna play
with the guys so really the my
confidence level was starting girl a
little bit more again to how it was
before i came so I was like it if once I
get that back for that they gonna be
really good so who helped you with the
confidence who identified that maybe you
were struggling a little bit and then
spoke up about that definitely the
coaches you know coach Mark cuz we're
all the coaches tell me stay confident
I'll never never get too hot never get
too low always kind of have a keep a
level head because that's so I succeed
and get too long yourself you never
really be successful a lot you got to
keep a level head
kind of noticing yourself you'll be good
so what makes a Texas basketball
practice with shock is smart so unique
when you compared especially to the ones
you've been part of definitely his
enthusiasm like he's uh he's always into
the practices he's never like he's never
laid back he's always up and excited
just in your face and ready for you to
you know folks on the next thing though
don't dwell on something don't do it on
a mistake always one from the next most
important thing he caused a response so
that's that's a big part of him just
always focus on our next most important
thing just this really is really
exciting to find a play for him actually
and he likes for guys to shoot the
basketball and that's something you said
when we talked on the phone before your
arrival here in Austin that you're a
shooter yeah now it's all posted on the
wall in the gym there's 21 different
shooting drills what are those all about
you're going down we just trying to beat
everyone at scores so they're really
competition some of you who ever gets
the highest score because a picture on
the wall and I end up I was fortunate
enough to get my name on the wall two
times or two different drills something
really good about it took me some time
to get it to me couple week one was up
once I finally got it do you remember
what drills those would be yeah it's the
reverse for drill um that's just like
when uh the big pass you the ball like
the opposite side of the wing and he
comes set a screen for you and you go
off you know you got a layup you got a
jump shot you got a three and you go
through that a bunch of times an elbow
kitchen all that stuff you go through
that and then the second drill I'm not
sure what it was but it's another
shooting drew and I did pretty well in
that too but bottom line your name is up
on the wall what does that do for the
collective team dynamic when there is
something that you can constantly
measure yourself by you know where you
stand because you know whether your name
or not is on that wall it makes it
competitive you know it always keeps you
working and everything never less you'd
be complacent about what you had always
makes you keep working and that's that's
like the main key I think about getting
betters y'all gotta keep working so I
helped us out with me and competitive
and just compete with each other well
when you talk about chuck is smart he's
got his five core values here and every
day of the week Monday through Friday
correlates with one of those values and
it's a themed day of the week so what is
your favorite day of the week my
favorites probably uh enthusiasm because
uh high school everything that's Tuesday
right yes Tuesday yeah I weren't really
enthusiastic about anything without was
calm really kind of laid-back you know
i'm a laid back person so there really
something i had to work on okay i'll
give him i'll continue to work on it and
i think that's the most important one to
me to get
come help me succeed so you've mentioned
coach smarts enthusiasm he'll player
wise who would you say right now is the
most enthusiastic on the roster
definitely DeMarcus heartland definitely
DeMarcus holiday yeah he's always up and
fired up he's probably a bit the best
leader on the team as well yeah yeah
what makes him that this is monton I
think he need never like me never really
gets tired anything he always the first
one to finish every every running drill
everything we do he's aren't the first
one he's like he's a real great leader a
great person look up to he may be the
answer for this next one but
competitiveness is another one of the
core values who would be the most
competitive gala probably DeMarcus in a
Eric Eric Davis other freshmen he's
competitive as well what does it do when
you arrive with three freshmen at the
same time as far as being competitive
with them but also you talk about a guy
like Eric he's from a long ways away in
Michigan as well how does that help you
it makes me more comfortable consistent
on that I'm not the only one that's from
somewhere far away is not is not isn't
this is it wasn't my home before so it
makes it more comfortable for me being
here and I just feel like we all we
begin to get real close over summer you
know just came real close we are great
friends now we all got great chemistry
so those are really fun and get another
goes so you think about everything
that's taking place the decision come to
University of Texas you've had some time
to think about back on it now what do
you think about that decision I think it
was a great choice you know I first read
it was a no-brainer and then I started
getting like some other calls from other
schools and I was kind of like you know
hesitant but then I realize is right
this is right for me I want to play with
coach Martin I wanna play the University
of Texas and that's why I'm a decision
to come here well Tevin thank you so
much for joining us here on long for an
excerpt we really do appreciate the time
thank you that's Tevin back everybody